my god we are not this is gonna suck
Luke tell me about your weekend first
before we get get ahead get ahead get
started no okay
your weekend no we're leaving that is to
the past we are back and boy oh boy Wow
this was not what we had planned I'm
joined by Louis's away I'm joined by
Kalyn and Reuben now Julia front and
center and Louis's chair yeah and Louis
literally started last week's episode by
saying I'm pretty sure the direct quote
was ha ha ha know where you'll ever be a
guest you know especially feels like hey
Keeling's the guest host today who was
into that
well that would never happen what we
will lose all of our patreon supporters
and just completely tanked the show
isn't crazy though what a world pandemic
does and and I think it's very funny
that it takes a world ride a worldwide
health crisis for killing to get front
and center eyes so Lewis is violently
ill hasn't got out of bed for 48 hours
and so he was pretty keen to coming to
the show and I said Louis it's quite
irresponsible we have two employees
which I'm joined by today and by the way
this is Ruben Ruben Sierra on the show
than Kylan I doesn't have a segment
about gorging his face yet oh you should
have made a segment for today well -
like Ruben start and we would try and
come up with rhymes last weekend our
brainstorming and I said Rubens poo
burns and we just go through his week
as good as you
that's like quite literally the direct
equivalent is what you're bringing to
the show but my segment one fan favorite
segment of the year yes because our fans
have a low standards because they listen
to this thing I can't even work out if
people are gonna hate this
or enjoy it more yeah yeah he's I reckon
it's I think people are getting sick of
you guys not being Luke and Lewis not
being together it's been a while oh yeah
this is not planned at all so we were
supposed to have as Lewis said last week
for emergency episodes locked and loaded
and we kind of joke about the emergency
episode thinking like oh it's so good
possibly how you usually like one of us
just can't make it in or something it's
the first actual emergency where Lewis
may have coronavirus we don't know and
therefore we don't have any episodes and
now we're just an outlook I don't I'm
not don't want to be rude thank you guys
for being here but what you're watching
and listening to is a last resort it
wasn't anyone's first preference what I
described the conversation that was had
before the last emergency episode was
put out we were in the van and we had
enough time to film one and Louis goes
man I'm so tired let's just put an
episode out and you went yeah let's just
do that and I'd turn around because I
was in the front seat and I said let's
save emergency episodes for emergencies
not just because you don't want to but
well then yeah we put it out and now
when we where are we yep well I know
it's a fucking disaster I'm joined by
you to look yes this is and you may
agree I think you will mmm this is the B
team isn't it oh this is like the
reserves you know it sure like I'm I'm
bit sore right from carrying the team
already I'm feeling a little bit my my
shoulders my legs a lot of heavy lifting
will be done after this episode that's
fine and and look I was gonna call radio
Mike but I thought he's already filled
in for me last episode and I had some
gripes with some stuff he said which
I'll bring up
and I thought he's I you know what I
thought I don't want to be joined by a
coward because I wasn't here behind your
back and the reason why I didn't invite
him in today is cuz I wanted to also be
a coward
and throw some digs at my that's good
well I'm happy to support that can I
also point out we're all doing the same
thing with our leg I'm trying to promote
our look and Louis so my leg like my new
shoes resting on my new shitty socks on
mine a because firstly got new shoes
well how long can you say that for how
long space when do they when do they
stop becoming new do you have to get
just another new pair of shoes no mate I
don't think menu anymore I'm like I
don't look new anymore no but it's it's
an attitude thing it's like if you
believe then you yeah it's like thing
when you say a six year old guy he gets
out and swims at 6 a.m. every morning
you say a 6 year old guy yes is he old 6
year old
yeah if you see a 60 year old guy out
there with the zest for life he's healed
no cuz he's attitudes young should I say
I'm saying he's it physically he's old
and then maybe technically he's old but
I would say jeez that's a young guy
you're getting stuff done these are new
shoes they might look like a 60 year old
man or something like a signature old
man would wear if he's having a fucking
christ
because if I saw a six year old man
wearing old school vans I'd be like dude
yeah you need a bison you know it's not
going to shoes things of the things not
turned out well what's how we do money
we do the sound check
all right now I think it's all good do
we want to go around the circle and
maybe debate whose fault that is okay
can we just do a quick sound test on him
yes I test DS DS test these days please
jeez this is I apologize all the loyal
listeners
who tune in to this show twice a week
and they have to put up with guys half
the people not you know Louis not being
here I have a thought
yeah maybe we could cover up Louis's
name because it's Luke and Quilon and
Reuben so maybe we should just cover up
his name if you want to get a piece of
paper I just thinking in the Edit just
add like that'll be killed
throw to kill on that one you know what
I want to do I think we should just
throw things to kill and be like put
this in kill and just to sort of test
out yeah I think you're in no place to
be saying that because I think we're all
agree you are the shit kicker the new
shit kicker on this excuse I don't think
that's fair I've give me a chance anyway
you know very well the last thing I want
to do is back he's done yeah
as he pointed out last week he's been
working at a camping table now over a
year and a half under terrible
conditions with hardstyle banging
through the walls this is true and I
think he's well and truly aunty stripes
and absolutely doesn't deserve to be
sitting here in Louis's chair but this
again we're in a national I don't
deserve it why does he get to sit here
as well oh because I honestly didn't
think you'd bring enough to the show I
have plenty to bring I know how you say
you're a bit sore from carrying the show
yeah take a rest okay all right no I'll
take over for a bit then today is
episode 69 it is and so 69 LOL yeah
let's talk about sex
later on the episode well I'm taking
over and that's what we're doing okay
we're gonna do Oh point nine minutes
worth of sex chat now by the way this is
unplanned sex chat because if you plan
sex chat
you shouldn't do sex chat with three
dudes either but it's a special occasion
now should you ever have sex we are
doing 6.9 minutes of sex chat to
celebrate episode 69 it's a momentous
occasion we've been building to it for
68 episodes now and it all comes down to
this I feel really sorry that Louis
couldn't be well he was very excited a
few weeks ago he was actually he's he
doesn't even know what's going on that
he thought yes sir
6.9 minutes of his ex chat 6 minutes and
54 seconds yeah I've got a zoom already
before we start a few ground rules Joyce
if you get an erection during it tuck it
up inconspicuously like yeah okay okay
okay so and another thing mm-hmm can we
have two passes each yes you're doing
the sex chat easy okay and we should all
to wait two passes or two vetoes or they
can be questions I don't know I don't
know what's about to happen this is
unplanned sex chat oh I've written on
the whiteboard here is let's talk about
sex
exclusively for six point nine minutes
to celebrate the occasion now is this
good content we're scraping the bottom
of the barrel no more ground rules let's
hit that time let's do it right now
so boys boys let's start it here have
you ever 69 yes
sure okay yes yes all right that's three
guys okay sniff - but honestly and I
fuck I should beta this yeah quite enjoy
it yeah yeah and I think guys you're
into it more than girls and I don't
I don't you know I've never talked to
girls about this definitely what might
work for them yeah for sure for the more
work oh yeah for the go well I would
depend on the position as well but yeah
generally now sure boys ever done role
play ah again to vito's this is just
more of an inquisition about our sex no
I've never done roleplay never done
roleplay you know ok nothing that what
would you consider roleplay like playing
characters like I'm never like I'm
Trevor mama Liv I'm an inspector sure
I'm a detective
oh well he tells more about Trevor mama
way give us a backstory you can really
give to less sexy name okay so what's
your favorite position I don't know what
it's called and this is weird isn't it
three dudes just in a warehouse with a
bunch of Russians probably listen and
this is going out to almost 10,000
people yeah because everyone knows your
girlfriend yes worse for her yeah yeah
no but she doesn't give a fuck oh that's
great then she'd be if honestly I mean
it we could call her no I think she's
very dude yeah can your boyfriend not
interrupt the work that prepositions yes
sorry I again look yet it's a bit weird
cuz everyone knows who I'm talking about
yeah but girl laying down
on top sure so missionary but no like a
hair on a front oh you didn't say that
yeah so yeah was good okay
it's asserting dominance a little bit I
mean it's been so you do it I'm not like
punching her in the back of the head oh
[Laughter]
by the way if you don't hear a sex story
from kilo north and inside into some
aquiline sex life before the episode
started we had a Reuben and keel and
started their own patreon podcast you
also talked about my first compliment
I've ever received from a woman mmm
check that out boys back on top three
and a half minutes left I like the
position where I'm laying down and then
she's on top and then I think it's
called cowgirl no but in Reverse but I'm
like I'm the one thrust he's been
[Music]
sitting there taking it and you're doing
that I guess yeah yeah right now that's
asserting dominance from the least
dominant way but it's kind of I miss it
what was the position say that you're
laying down and you're thrusting up and
when she's riding on you that seems
difficult right okay it's like cowgirl
but the cow is is gone crazy some shitty
Wednesday night at some dog shit like
bah all right we'll go to mechanical
bull and you're just there like naked oh
actually I found out that our balls at
my house aren't soundproof and I don't
care about my family hearing well cuz I
only shoot I live with my mom so it
doesn't matter but I would say I have
more respect for your mom well she
encourages it encourages it yeah not not
to hear not to listen but she like be
rowdy be loud I don't care
what what that's weird mmm my mom's cool
that's not cool like no mom would surely
want to hear like no no she's okay with
it but doesn't want to hear it she's
just like don't worry
I know but also like I'm making it sound
weird or than a day yeah it's not we
don't like mums chiming in about six mmm
anyway I mean like don't don't talk to
me about that are your parents open
about sex in the house absolutely not
the very yeah we don't oh I live with
him anymore but it wasn't a thing that
was discussed obviously they knew what
was happening
mmm like mega stove you know four nights
a week like yeah you know they're not
yeah imagine if they thought that like
we were just waiting to a marriage like
that would dislike me no but let's think
I've talked about on stage before they
come to my shows they're not stupid
it's just never discussed yeah and I
think that's the way it should be well
anyway yeah you have to keep it big
welcome to the show
can I ask a question to Meg yeah you've
just called during its episode 69 so
we're doing six point nine minutes of
sex chat and we'll just discuss it you
have favorite positions and then you
just call so you got fifty seconds on
the discussion up to you ask you we've
already answered out oh you don't want
to say anything mom was of it like you
down on your front and then me on top I
don't want to repeat this yeah when I
suspend you from your elbow yeah yeah
well great
yeah now you know what Beggs done here
is yeah ten seconds and we had to take
it no she's done the right thing and
she's made this funny and we've all just
really talked about us
alright thanks for joining us meg get
the chains ready alright easily almost
uncomfortable six minutes of my life
wow that was right chat with the boys a
bit our sex lives I don't have sex
anymore
you know yeah that's really hit me up
guys
Oh girls Oh girls
anyone hit him up even animals are not
you know what that wouldn't that's you
reckon they'll ever be a society that's
so progressive in which based reality is
considered no um I reckon we're heading
there I reckon the thing about I mean
well yeah like it's not remember like
200 years ago it was a proper sin to
fuck someone of the same gender yeah
right so fast for another 500 years
everyone's got a kink do you think only
one I can't see becoming cool it's
pedophilia because I would say that's
more of an illness but pedophilia has a
has a direct harm though that you can
track whereas like something like
bestiality in theory if we really want
to go there and get an animal to consent
no but but I think that's true maybe a
chimp maybe a chips can do thumbs up
kinda dolphins are super horny yeah but
don't they like they rapier Oh guys we
probably should have called in I have
some can I bring up some gripes yes how
about last week yeah please now I
listened not to all of it just to the
first bit
not because I was getting bored I just
had to get out of the car and I didn't
go back to listening now ready Mike join
Louis you guys were here for that a lot
of things were discussed behind my back
oh yeah even more off here and I had I
wrote down some notes while listening
the first one
Louis's che no comment I thought was
quite unfair when I said that he was
talking about what Mark was wearing and
then said I'll looks more likely to wear
like you know canvas color change yes
and yeah I thought that was very unfair
cos you think you can back me up I never
wear them at all and I think that's more
your we wear this every episode pretty
much I used have gray jeans and then
they split in the middle and I need a
barn Eugene so I have a couple pair of
these ones and they're like black Chino
Uriel and you wear the brown ones I've
worn sort of mustard she knows before
and those red ones as well yeah yeah I
get around a good Chino or shorts and I
wasn't there to defend myself also Louis
thought it was weird that you only
sometimes gift wrap your purse yes I
also only sometimes do it so you know
obviously when you're layering the
toilet paper pulling it
yes it'll package for you I'm 100% 100%
I just sometimes don't think about it
and it right at home I have a lot more
relaxed policy mm-hmm all right yeah
moving on I just thought was unfairly
sure nice of you one thing I quite
enjoyed about the episode Louis taskkill
on something about poos and then kill
and accidentally responded with and said
oh I do do and my final also have two
more obviously there's the big one about
there he's he's debate which we'll get
to but my last little note was a Mike
said on the podcast that he wasn't
dating at the moment but you go on first
well I think literally a day before they
recorded that episode and I'm not lying
here Mike sent me a text so he said he's
wasn't dating he's working on himself
yeah one day before recording that
episode he told me that he matched my
cousin on hinge or it's one of them one
of the dating apps it probably came she
doesn't use to know yeah and I I don't
see her a lot anymore I haven't seen her
about eight to ten years I reckon what
you haven't seen your cousin in eight to
ten year now we're just like these cut
we see some of my cousins just haven't
seen this side of the family how old is
she
ah two years older than me I believe and
yeah that's just an interesting thing
- so Mike you're lying if you're not
dating stop matching my cousin I'm not
even being protective but she is not
dating there true anyway so he called me
the other night called me after the
episode came out on Tuesday and he goes
oh you can use content I don't care but
you know how I said I wasn't dating I
actually have I am no one believed it
yeah and he just wanted to me also tell
me that but I was gonna not say that so
should I not have said that maybe but he
said I could use it for content oh
that's fine yeah he's absolutely dating
yeah yeah and I don't think he's ever
stopped like I don't think he's ever
he's always dating maybe you should work
on himself
maybe that's what I think you should
work on about himself you know he would
have loved that sex chat but you know
the first time I ever came to the radio
station but before like I was just
working with Louis I didn't really know
any of you guys during one of the breaks
I'm just there for whatever reason and
Mike comes up to me and he goes man you
know what last night was the first time
I've ever met Mike he goes last night I
had sex with someone I really liked and
it was just really nice that it was
emotional and intimate and I was just
like she fucking with me I couldn't tell
I was like good for you bro I met Mike
last week that my first impression of he
came over he was a really nice he tried
to fuck he gave me a handshake and he
just made the most piercing eye content
my contact like it was frightening right
and that and that was your first
impression I was didn't tell you about a
password no yeah but I could see that he
that's what he was sort of transmitting
shoulders feeling right now
um you guys have really picked it up
okay I feel I'm gonna take another rest
thank you well actually you actually I
know you go yeah do we want to open up
can we talk I was gonna wait
Louis's back to talk about this talk
about their the his he's in the main now
if you didn't hear Mike's episode which
you probably didn't I would have given
that a Miss as well but give the Louis
if they didn't hear that I think they'd
be given this one I miss - yeah you
thought that line outside episode 69 yes
Louis agreed and fair enough I agreed as
well so it might came to the show a
cowardly act let's find out a bitch move
I wasn't here to defend myself yeah said
and he was speaking on behalf of a lot
of people I think when he said it really
bothers me when Luke says he's and his
incorrectly and often interchanges them
is what he said Louis agreed and now
this has been a thing that's happened
for about four years I would say not
news on the show quite regularly
commented and Louis was correct in
saying I've brought this up with Luke
hmm and he doesn't give a fuck yeah now
Here I am
to defend myself and I'm not gonna I
have no defense I use them incorrectly
so here's the thing and I will also not
apologize all right I know I will and I
cannot be more serious here and I'm not
trying to just to be stubborn
I could literally not give less of a
fuck in here's why I'm very ignorant and
it does not affect me but surely
actually at all mmm it doesn't so it's
just bothers other people I don't even
notice when I do it that's how
blissfully unaware I live my life
what about killing saying that he almost
tuned out of your podcast but he still
came to my show every year when he was a
fan but surely no it's like I didn't
lose money
I don't be monetarily loose from this
situation I lose nothing other than I
just make people slightly angry but then
my charisma and my comedic value that I
bring to the show
weighs it which is why Mike goes man I
hate it but I still listen to you well I
think sometimes what if people are too
distracted by your incorrect grammar to
sort of like I think it could be it
could be bad for you on a homo level
because people to distract it now here's
the thing with you guys were saying I
interchange it now few people actually
have worked out what I do and no one
here in the room seemed to bring it up
what some people have read somewhere
I do think I do is I don't interchange
interchange he's or his and by the way I
do I understand the difference his is
like ah so it's like his is like oh he's
house no I'm about to say what so it's
his house right that's also like he's an
idiot he is an idiot I understand the
difference I went to school but what I
do is very good did you really go to
school yes that was a Lewis joke sorry
yeah thank you and you're sitting like
him as well yeah I'm in the chair I
don't say them
I said I'm both wrong but I don't need
to change them I just say a combination
of the two mmm every time from both and
a few people have raised it people going
oh I thought it was unfair that that was
saying you didn't understand it people
going I know you understand it but
you're so fucking annoying that you just
don't even change it so you're saying
sort of halfway between the two I just
go he's he's he's I just I don't even
say the two words I go like oh he's an
idiot and that's what's he's an idiot
yeah I'm saying
I mean he's he is I just go he's an
idiot so it's less of a grammar problem
it's an enunciation problem yeah
absolutely and I say a lot of words in a
very lazy Australian way feels like if
you have a podcast maybe you should step
up your game if audio is the medium
you've chosen now that is a good plan
and that's the one thing is like I
really should fix this about my yeah I
don't know if I care yet the thing I was
going to bring up and this isn't so much
about how you pronounce words but just
your lack of knowledge and lack of
knowledge on certain topics what are the
first episodes ever listened to you you
were talking about an email you got from
this girl called Alaska and you
clarified not like the country the name
Alaska is a place in Canada isn't it
it's North America the border so it is a
state in America
but it's it's not connect where it's not
connected to the rest it's actually
right next to Canada that's so it's
connected to camp with the st. honored
on a map the thing you said was you said
her name and you clarified not like the
plot not like the country it's the name
yeah right and then I sent you a
snapchat message first time I've
interacted with you and quoted that and
said hahaha you're an idiot or something
to that effect and you said what I'm
right yeah and then I went
you're an idiot yeah yeah so no no I
mean blindly wrong a change and me being
stuck with these things one of the first
things that ever made me go should I
keep listening to this guy look you got
challenged on something and you didn't
even bother to fact-check you were just
like no you're wrong I didn't even check
to make sure yeah that's and again I now
says again and it's this is the problem
and the problem is the way I talk I get
that's an issue but the real issue here
is that I'm so excited and I literally
am making and I've never made any effort
to change this about myself and I think
this is the issue that we need it's not
girl down so let's I said how do you
fuck do you still have this up I guess
you said you saved it now you know chat
anyway it says 9th of May 2017
her name is Alaska she's not from the
country Alaska and I just said you kill
me laughing emojis I don't have your
response but that's what you said yeah I
didn't really need to bring that up
sorry actually could bring something up
here real quick I my I have a friend and
I think you might challenge you as one
of the most uninformed people by the way
the reason why I'm informed is because
I've realized and I'm actually trying to
change these about myself I've realized
I soon as I finished school I stopped
learning mmm and I stopped trying to
learn mm-hmm so I realize I didn't rate
anymore I read articles and stuff but
that's so far I stopped reading books I
really stopped I stopped learning how to
learn which is one of the most important
things in life because I was like I've
finished school now and I knew what I
wanted to do with my life I had no
reason to keep studying or forced
learning so I think I forgot how to
learn which actually has slowed me down
as a human fucking wild
yeah I'd like the mental capacity of
like a year not I reckon like a 15 euro
so you got you've regressed I think I
have the lifesmart some eyes I'm quite
intelligent in other areas but I think
like just clearly through speaking and
also knowing general knowledge I have
like the brain of like a 15 year old
yeah where do you get your news from
like honestly
I found out that Richard Wilkins so I go
to my girlfriend I'm Richard Wilkins has
coronavirus and they're apparently this
was in the news yesterday sure I found
out on Instagram yeah we just fucked up
so you don't read the news yeah Meg goes
yeah I know that I was like oh does that
Ben think she's like yeah it was in the
news today and I was like all right so I
might have to set up alerts on my phone
or something I think I go out of my way
to because you know a fair bit about
like pop culture yeah yeah cuz again I
that's one things that's wait that's the
I'm in Tremaine you're in yeah well here
so this my friend yeah he's sort of he
also he knows nothing about pop culture
as well I would say yeah you guys have
seen The Sixth Sense
okay but you know about it don't say
anything I know the twists yeah yeah so
my friend he was like I'm gonna watch
The Sixth Sense I was like I probably
can't even say that yeah I go sixth
sense sixth sense anyway I'm gonna watch
this film and I was like oh cool he's
like but don't spoil it for me ah see
how is it possible that you've lived 22
years and you haven't found out the
spoiler for the sixth sense I haven't
even seen them you up when I watch Fight
Club for the first time that blew my
fucking mind no one had ever told me
between a and a Fight Club don't tell me
I don't know that one oh it's really
really I was shocked no one ever told me
how did I not know that this was about
to happen
obviously oh yeah because I don't talk
about Fight Club I think that's that's
pretty low level one I think the
probably the two biggest twists would be
like Darth Vader yep and the Sixth Sense
yeah and I think an F yeah like I was
also a twist at the end of this limbs
him Hemsworth movie with Miley Cyrus
we're Robin Scherbatsky I don't know
what I heard cobie smulders character
that's sure her character isn't ghosts
at the end I watched a movie called The
Invisible Man the other day was a bit of
a twist mm-hmm yeah without twist that
you shouldn't have watched it
well yeah but also it ended up being the
brother the whole time so I'm sorry
spoiler alert all right we should mute
that that's a new film people gonna be
angry about that fuck you you're editing
episode so that's that flames gonna go
to you yeah I think we can conclude is I
acknowledge you all I know it's a
problem however the real problem is I'm
I cannot see myself being willing to
change it and that's a personal issue
yeah yeah it's fucking frustrating it is
you don't wanna do you don't want to
improve yourself I think it's almost
depressing when you put it like that I
have no interest of being better no
interest of being you're insulting a
hundred percent of the workforce right
now yeah you know I used to say I still
don't know if I say correctly is it
pronunciation or pronunciation
pronunciation I would say is the
Australian great well I say
pronunciation yeah that's American that
sounds wrong to you that sounds wrong to
me that thing I don't even know how to
say the word that describes the word of
what I'm fucking out pronunciation
yeah that's wrong yeah Google I often
say things you know you don't know this
one I think Kalyan would mmm it's been
talked about a bit on the radio show and
I think the podcast as well you know the
car brand Peugeot yeah how it's called
actually called puja which people have
been corrected us really the European
term apparently kit but I called it yeah
ain't so this is a real thing that
happened in my life and it shows it once
again I'm not willing to change things
about my
so our seventeen school bus on an
excursion around all my mates and so
confidently yelled so everyone could
hear it haha look at this dickhead in
the pew got that's not even the phonetic
spelling of it though like if you were
trying to pronounce it would be yeah
yeah I got that thing I was like oh it's
differently a Stalin ad I'm not an idiot
now the word noun is in there so
frustrating to listen to yeah and I
don't my solo podcast must be a
nightmare and it's made as being
arrogant for like an hour I hit like
sound effects it's like you know fucking
I literally have a sound effect on my
personal podcast of a swish noise cuz my
I'm always getting pockets should we
give Louis a cult
yeah do we have do we like you know is
he definitely got coronavirus well he
sent a photo to us in the group chat of
him at his house this morning but I also
saw any story that he was at a doctor's
office
what he reckons he can't get tested
because they're only testing people who
have been overseas mmm that's not sure
if they've run out of testing kits yeah
because they're real low because they're
getting them from Italy which is fucked
I wouldn't trust it's so hard to be
informed with all this machine cuz new
things keep coming out every day I think
that might be wrong cuz my sister I've
said this to everyone like a hundred
times but she's working at the
coronavirus clinic in Casey and they're
only testing people who are obviously
sick like here's
or people who have child I see a friend
who got tested but he recently came back
from Bali
yeah but people from Bali have been and
he went to a GP they had a couple of
kids there and they took him out to he
so like they would stay in the car yeah
someone wore a hazmat suit they came out
to the car come out the car did the test
and I taught him to get back in his cars
and so we didn't affect the the GP
because that's what I've been a family
went in on the Gold Coast and then
everyone in they went in with
coronavirus to a GP instead of going to
the hospital and then everyone else had
to be quarantined yeah yeah we calling
him yeah him I got to be honest with you
guys when you said that Lewis was uh we
don't yeah all right sorry it's
interrupted that's why you just said he
was short enough to do well with the
dial was happening I mean I told him we
were calling he's probably dead highly
likely that we call this is what among
for the podcast so what we gonna say I
was gonna say what you miss Lewis
message last night all you message
saying Louis was sick mmm-hmm so he's
not going to come in and as I be honest
I got the sniffles you know like I'm a
little bit I had a really bad cough
yesterday and I was like should I come
in
but it was funny on Wednesday afternoon
I was in here with Lewis and jazz and we
were talking about how sick Lewis was
becoming mmm and we're making fun of him
saying he's probably got coronavirus and
then he took the next two days off work
I was watching his podcast clip that he
posted he looks sick in that did you up
the saturation in that clip I didn't he
edits the pockets he has red all in
around his ears and his nose in that
clip he looked violently ill and he
sounded sick yes an insignia and I was
just like I can't believe that you're
still persisting with this in dude how
funny was it on the secret pug Oh
bitch say we were hypothetically to have
record another podcast recently sure
Louis and I were laughing at the fact
that he's girlfriend's grandma had
stockpiled a bunch of shit that's how
relaxed everyone was two weeks ago
yeah like imagine the idea of
stockpiling food it was ridiculous yeah
but like nothing bad ever happens here
and now it's like cause it was just in
China and maybe just started in Italy
yeah and then last night we were I think
stockpile yeah I think it got real on
Friday Louis said to Colbert it was sort
of the day because that was the day the
festival cancelled and the government
banned galleries over 500 people yeah oh
by the way we haven't said that the
comedy festivals canceled so Lewis and I
as shows and not going ahead at the
Comedy Festival
just in case full refunds by the way
it's over I already got a ticket all
right Lewis said to call back hey hey
God man we thought you were dead we were
literally just saying that you look so
sick and sounded sick in your podcast
clip that you uploaded yesterday you had
a red nose did you up the saturation or
was that actually how nose yeah babe you
actually not like Jasmine would you like
me to tell everyone who is selling
better we don't have to say but but but
say say we were to tell everyone who was
selling better
and we were not gonna lie who selling
better by 80 tickets oh that's alright
and that's and that's a massive gap but
that's fine and it's and I felt I know
it's you know what I feel bad for you
cuz now you're sick and you were
something well so that must be a fuckin
blood it's actually a relief Ballu yeah
that's thing like oh it was such a blow
for me cuz I had to refund so many
tickets but Lewis was like oh well any
it just personally called the three
people yeah my Canberra show actually
got canceled this morning yeah looks
grim so now Melbourne n camera start
going head for me the rest up in the air
but Lewis I think you can agree I was
saying this at the side of the episode
you know how like last week Mike filled
in it was like you and Mike and like
that was like a okay substitute because
Mike like understands content geez this
is the fucking BB lineup today the B
team too much so many insults we're
gonna walk off this set if you don't I
know we are almost at the end and what
people have listened to up to this I
mean if there's anyone listening we did
and you know great content today
I'm not apologizing a real good content
I think at one time you described you
having sex as a cow
that was actually that bad so what we
did was it's episode 69 and we were so
disappointed that you miss yeah I know
and so we did to celebrate we did 6.9
minutes of exclusive sex chat and boy it
got horny so I guess we'll break the
rules a bit we we went around the circle
Lewis what's your favorite sex position
[Music]
funny is it that all of us answer that
100% sincerely Mae called me as we were
doing it we asked her and she said some
fucking stupid which is what we should
have done but now we've all just outed
ourselves a little bit perverted which
is such a well what nah that's fine but
I don't want to know anymore Louis are
you going to die so have you been
checked was getting so annoyed at you
because you've been giving him a hard
time about the fact that he gets sick
all the time which you do he was so
annoyed he's like he thinks she's so
healthy but yet he's sick but you've
been sick just as much as I've been sick
in the last 12 months you've been sick
four times this year man yeah your
immune system he was sick four times in
the last 12 months
twelve months same amount of time but
yeah yeah but anyway let's boys let's
stop arguing Louis did you have any
final comments anything let's bring to
the show right that's the right thing so
do the right thing yeah yep great and
Kaufer go out and go out and cuff on an
aged care worker I think it's the right
thing to do
all right thanks very much for joining
us Louis oh I reckon oh yeah so I reckon
await so what what happens with the show
virtual pull car yeah what happens with
this podcast but what about is the
lockdown I'm saying lockdown means you
can still go to work alrighty well
that's good news the world's ending and
that's fun but the podcast is not so
that's great
all right everyone yeah it would be tell
Louis we got a good patreon that coming
up we have a good patron and coming up
apparently
yeah all right see you later Luis bye
she's gonna make everyone a nice person
Zubin hey get sick he gets aggressively
seek yeah you know what I mean like that
he was joking men but that is what he
does but I think so do you want to turn
this hand Center as a real quick voice
can I tell you something gross I did
last night yeah I went to the gym which
is normal and then usually lives like a
big hand sanitiser thing where when you
walk out you just spray your hair do it
to your hands whatever yeah and then
last night they ran out and I didn't
even think about that until I got home
and I was like eating grapes with my
hands and it was dirty and I didn't even
think about how I hadn't washed my hands
and then I was really grossed out
that's my gross story okay I was the
sixth sense thing take a rest
main ribbon I'm going to talk for a
second I was never into powerlifting
before this episode I have was against
the idea stretch there like an AFL
player take a lie down get a massage on
your legs mean ribbon to go take over so
we're doing the last scene we're just
we're gonna talk about the patreon thing
get around that patreon boys and girls
patreon.com slash Luke and Lewis and why
do you have to do it because before we
recorded this Elin and I recorded a
pilot episode of our show it was called
called killin and Rubin yeah pending
name change we might do Rubin and akhil
and we fade off drama in our podcast
yeah so if you'd like to hear that I
think goes like 60 minutes it was
supposed to go for 10 yeah
and then we really stuffed it up we
played a game called who tweeted it
Lewis or somebody else yeah that was a
fun game so if you want that kind of
content exclusive or hatred
let's give them a taste let's give them
let's not let's play clip right here day
before kills girlfriend broke up with
surprise surprise he tweeted is it okay
to answer the phone during sex do you
want the context behind it really behind
that tweet or behind why I picked up the
phone during sex so we were having sex
obviously and my phone started ringing
and it was Luke kid you and Luke never
calls me all courts and I was celebrity
never calls me unless it's something
pretty important yeah so I thought oh
maybe the episode went out fucked maybe
I've done something wrong yeah well what
if you would have been my hope you have
texted me back like souls doing roots I
would I'd be like cool just check it
wasn't done and I would have been like
30 seconds time you would eject it Xing
I have good stamina okay I don't like
being made fun of react and then I went
she looked at the phone I looked at the
phone and we looked at each other and I
went sorry and I picked it up and I said
hey Luke what's up and then you said
whatever you had to say and it wasn't
important at all you know and fuck and
then we didn't end up having sex and
that was the last time I ever had sex
but yes there's a new patreon only
progress oh there's the secret podcast
we shut the fuck up no no about that and
there's also now the kealan and Reuben
10-minute podcast which by the way is
not oh you watch a watch fuck it our
patreon drop alright and I can't believe
I've allowed this show I think I allowed
it because the idea of you two having a
spin-off show personally amused me yeah
but for business not a great decision
it's more content a half a listen to it
no you Andy and I think you'll find that
people really not yeah I think you'll
find a lot of people are gonna join up
so they can listen to us
right if patreon skyrockets what are you
gonna do maybe and then if you start
making mistakes maybe pay properly true
before we wrap up our we want to do one
more thing we do need to say patreon
would be mad as lewis said we did lose
about no time in it Louis maybe didn't
he probably us about half of his yearly
income I lost about two-thirds if the
tour gets canceled as well hmm so yeah
that's such a fucking bummer
I'm gonna enjoy two-minute noodles but I
also if you want to help
there's merch and we the main reason why
I'm saying is this is our plan was kind
of to sell these shit house socks we
just got at the Comedy Festival we have
stuff 300 left we've sold 200 which is a
fucking miracle and waste love 300 left
which means that if there was ever a
time to go to Luke and Lewis five.com
slash match and cop a pair of the worst
socks now there's a picture of Tom Hanks
wearing the socks on his head so Luke
Louis five comm copy your socks we still
have you surrounded left and honestly
now we're just stuck with 300 pairs of
socks that we otherwise probably would
have moved as a joke after the shows but
goddamn if those every time to cop a
shock it's now so look I might buy a
pair you should yeah yeah support the
show yeah before we end one more segment
we wanted to do
old listeners of the radio show will be
very familiar with this segment
sometimes on the show we do a segment
called earn a plug now it's where
usually Lewis and I Lewis or I have
something that they want well that we
want to plug on the show example
upcoming shows and comedy festival stuff
like that since that's all being
cancelled now and no one's coming a shit
ah the big thing now is everyone wants
YouTube subscribers now we have two boys
here now people don't know this about
Reuben Reuben actually does stand-up
comedy a little bit yes I was actually
gonna open for you on a couple of hours
show yeah yeah but you've still got I
was really I was really like riding on
that chat was your big gig of the year
yeah that was yeah yeah that was my Inn
and now I'm out see ya so Reuben also
has a YouTube channel they've started
that one up because sketches and kealan
has I would call it a spin-off YouTube
channel starting to get a little bit of
a dive its own mm-hmm until you start
getting people that have no idea about
this podcast watching your videos then
it will I'll stop calling it a spin-off
channel sometimes I think I have that
because you have random for sometimes I
get like out of nowhere 50 subscribers
in a day which isn't very much for a
main a normal channel but for a small
channel like me you definitely got some
off to howtobasic video yeah definitely
so your channel is called keel and
merlyn's your channel is called
considerate dumb which have you
considered that that is a dumb name I'm
gonna change the name to Reuben solo
which is an abbreviation of my name a
stage name yes you're like seal it's
like seals the pynx name is an actually
pink I don't spread the rumor that this
is a stage name because I don't want
people to know that it's not my real
name because it's it's not cool I don't
I don't like the fact that I have a
staged oh it's a great stage name in a
galaxy far far away
oh yeah well renowned surname in that
galaxy yes that are in this one yeah you
just after eleven soft-drink
I decided that's me to mute that this is
an applied we've got two competing
YouTube channels yes but only one of you
can say to subscribe and encourage
people to follow each one so what I've
devised here is a way to earn a plug
which is the who is a better youtuber
challenge or game whatever you want to
call it so obviously you're both
competing for subscribers so you guys
need to up your fucking YouTube game and
the world's online now no one's going to
leave the house for a few months so this
is a crucial time to get up those subs
yes so uh there's three questions it's
gonna be best out of three
I'll be judging alright so the first one
is do your best
vlog intro you know how like youtubers
go like hey guys what's going on oh you
know vsauce is like pea sauce or
whatever what's your so it's not it's
not like to our channels it's like no
because obviously you know sketches you
do food reviews but obviously you need
to be quite well-versed in the world of
YouTube to understand the algorithm for
sure so how would you Reuben you start
what would your vlog intro be are we
using what name can I use you can say
whatever you want like look example is
Logan Paul used to be like Halo gang
what's poppin but don't say don't say
that one don't say Lowe's I reckon that
might be just can do a direct Logan Paul
parody so you go first
bless Reubens solos best vlog intro go
hey rube crew please like and subscribe
for more sick content and welcome to the
vlog today's gonna be a sick one where
you're throwing down some hot beats
weirdo music now apparently intro like
just like your cat's phrase but now
you've just like you a DJ alright that's
good okay let's go I got the vibe of
what I could expect good
Nealon you go I'm nervous now I don't
want to do it hey Logan what's poppin
you didn't say that to be mine yes okay
all right I thought that was pretty
clear okay round one to me what killin
brothers like Jake Polar's yeah again it
seems like you're coming a bit like yeah
and I'd have the slowest growing family
on YouTube okay that's it I'm sorry guys
hey it's all right man it's I was really
hoping like ever a cool nickname for
your fans what would you call them then
I don't know what's up guys time for the
real deal let's do another meal it was
better than a halo gang what's poppin
yeah poppin to like chewing or something
what chewing what's chewing best
clickbait title for this episode of the
podcast cuz you know you're gonna need
to be good at click back in the youtube
world so what would you clickbait this
title alright would you wanna go first
can you go first you need some thinking
time can I literally need to all they
can get yeah he's gonna tired of look
like Logan pulled this track on Jacob oh
well now the only thing I've already got
in my head is what we considered calling
it earlier which is what lol because
it's episode 69 yeah
is that good click direct now we're
getting new people no killin fucks like
a cow you know yeah jerking like a
picture of a cow
like with a big erection and then
Killins face hit photos and in the cows
like even though it doesn't have lakes
you go yeah that's it of course so good
you're almost fucking stop
sucky you don't want to plug killing is
so bad at improv like if it's not just
yelling shit about Deez Nuts
I've got nothing like that something
about it something sex related but
you've already done something a virus
Louis has coronavirus I think that's not
a very good one and I we don't even need
to go to the third round because you've
burnt the plug George just to prove that
you I guess every clean sweep yeah do
you ever clean sleep
obviously you ran for nine four rounds I
want to earn it already even if we did
four rounds it'll be a tie we need five
rounds done we're booking it in no last
quarter and just to make it a trifecta
for Ruben obviously youtubers like to
cancel each other or not have fake beef
so how would you go about canceling each
other so make up a fake scandal how
would you go about it killing a rocked
account Jesus he's going for the game
set that's here isn't it I would say
probably something about the person
about killing hates disabled people
that's good I think you know that's true
so is that a scandal also because I'm
colorblind so I think that gives me a
bit of power because I'm technically
disabled oh wow you know what I think
that gives you right to cancel him back
because I would say he's claiming I'll
tell your falsely claiming you're
disabled there's a guy with like no legs
right now going fuck off oh it's
definitely the best distract it's a
bloke comes to Adelaide shows his name's
Ripley in the discord he listens to our
show on the regular he's in a wheelchair
yeah and he's disabled I'm disabled so
now
we didn't have to fuck you didn't have
to get lifted up this fucking stairs he
can't live he can't walk I can't see
colors what make a 10 minute long video
saying that Ruben actually hates to stay
with people like faking a disability yep
yeah and and also say that he said in
the end said the n-word
thank you very much head on over to
Ruben solo on Instagram or on YouTube
[Laughter]
what a good way to end it will suck my
dick make sure to support us on patreon
patreon suck our dicks and buy the socks
alright or not buy the subs that's fine
all by the way Meg just sent me 14 cases
271 overnight in Victoria we're all
gonna get it we're all gonna die alright
[Music]